hello and welcome to the age of digital
transformation and insurance with
connected cars homes and health we have
risk information and customer
information like never before the
Internet of Things enables us to connect
to and follow almost any device or asset
connected networks and in-memory
platforms provide immediate access to a
stunning range of data business
processes can be harmonized across all
functions and departments you can
respond in the moment because you are
armed with real-time insight into your
most pressing questions from 1666 and
the Fire of London through the turn of
the century the insurance process
changed very little but not anymore now
we are witnessing an unmatched
environment of business innovation where
insurers can leverage technology for
risk mitigation instead of just
financial security where available
customer information allows for
personalized products and service
offerings that previously had been
unavailable multiple innovations have
matured and hit scale together this has
enabled five defining technology trends
hyper-connectivity super computing cloud
computing a smarter world and cyber
security these trends not only fuel the
digital economy they are dramatically
changing the insurance industry how by
influencing the way insurance is bought
and sold which in turn is creating new
competitors in the marketplace think
about it customers lifestyles are
becoming increasingly digital with the
proliferation of new devices personal
fitness trackers Auto telematics a
reliance on technology to make purchases
and plan life events
so insurers must respond by becoming
more customer-centric and engaging
through consumer designated channels and
as consumers become more migratory
insurance must become transportable that
in turn will open up opportunities for
global business so what will your
business model look like in just a few
short years well connected wearable
devices could enable you to offer
products on a lifestyle pay as you
behave pricing model connected cars
could allow for greater collaboration
and partnership with new entrants like
car manufacturers with all this
additional information insurers could
also offer customers value add services
from its business network things like
health discounts on memberships at local
gyms to help customers live healthy
lives the change in your business models
will require a change in your business
processes for starters new connectivity
models such as the Internet of Things
are redefining the customer experience
as a result of insights available
through those devices risk and claims
handling processes are changing an
advanced rules management tools will
allow complex processes to be automated
or move from employee managed to
self-service how do you get started we
invite you to learn more about how
digital transformation is impacting the
insurance industry download a
complimentary copy of how insurance
brands can launch a digital revolution
white paper and explore a host of
resources designed to help you reimagine
your business the future for insurance
companies has never been brighter
digital transformation is how you'll get
there